https://codepen.io/lynnfigueroa/pen/povJBeb?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic HTML adds meaning to html tags.  For example, <p> for a 
 paragraph instead of just a <div>.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to create and format web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute is a tag that provides additional information about
an element.  We put it in an <a> tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a 
    page?
The h1 is a tag for the main header of the page.  It should only be used
once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Two tags that have required attributes are links and images.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
We put the heading/title in the head of our HTML document.

    7. What is an id? 
An id is a unique name or value for a specific element in an HTML page.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
An id can be added to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
An id can only be used once on the page.

    10. What is a class? 
A class is a way to group together different elements of an HTML page.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
A class can be added to any elements.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
The same class can be used on a page as many times as needed to group
the desired elements together.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target= "_blank" will open a link in a new tab.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
The alt attribute is used to provide alternative information in case a
viewer cannot see an image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
An id is referenced by using #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section is a semantic tag and is used to give meaning.  A div does not
give meaning and is usually used for styling purposes.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to add styling to a page.

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
We would use:

h2{
    ;
}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an 
    example of when I might use each one.
A class groups together different elements and an id is just one
element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
We use the . and then the class name to select classes in CSS.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{
    ;
}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector allows us to select elements that are 
inside parent elements.  This is useful when we want to be very specific
in selecting an element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of 
    sidebar?
.sidebar a: link{

}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector is a keyword added to an element that allows you to 
style a specific part of that element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
We use line-height to change the spacing between lines.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
We use letter-spacing to change the spacing between letters.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS?
     lowercase? Capitalize?
We use text-transform: uppercase to change everything to capitals, 
text-transform: lowercase to change everything to lowercase, and 
text-transform: capitalize to capitalize.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
    border: 1 black dotted;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{

}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* This is how we write a comment in CSS */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command
     line? 
It will say in parentheses.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders 
    in my current folder?
We use ls to see a list of files/folders in the current folder.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be 
    careful with this? 
You use rm followed by the file name to remove a file via the command 
line.  You have to be careful because once it is deleted it is gone 
forever.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
We use version control to work on different elements of a project and
then branch them back together.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
We should commit to github whenever we finish a step.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
To push our repo up to github we use git push -u origin followed by the
name of our branch.
 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Lambda's git flow starts by forking, adding our TLs as collaborators 
then cloning, making changes to the git, pushing the git back to github,
then creating a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a 
    block element?
An inline element does not start a new line and does not take up the
entire width of a page, whereas a block element does.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
When an element is positioned absolutely, it has no effect on its 
parent element and can overlap other elements.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it 
    needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
You would ajust the padding to make an element take up only the amount
of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that
     are display inline by default and 1 element that is display 
     inline-block by default
Three elements that are display block by default are div, section, and
header.  Two elements that are display inline by default are span and a.
One element that is display inline-block by default is button.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the 
    box model? 
The box model sections off an HTML page into different boxes.  
